[Julia] Add concept exercise: fibonacci-iterator (#2764)
exercism/v3: languages/julia/exercises/concept/fibonacci-iterator/.docs/introduction.md

<!-- TODO: Motivate why iterators are useful -->

To implement the informal iteration interface, you need to define two methods `iterate(iter::MyIter)` and `iterate(iter::MyIter, state)`.
Both methods must return a tuple of an item and the state of the iterator.
The first method will return the first item and state, while the second method will return the next item and state.
The iteration ends if `iterate` returns `nothing`.

!!! note
    Julia currently doesn't have a way to formally define interfaces.
    To implement an interface, you need to look up which methods need to be defined in the Manual, or in the documentation of the package that "defines" the interface.

!!! note
    Julia iterators track the state decoupled from the iterator object.
    The iterator object itself is generally not mutated.

To make it clearer when the `iterate` methods are called, one can look at the translation of the `for`-loop syntax:

```julia
for item in iter
    println(item)
end
```

will be translated to

```julia
next_item = iterate(iter)

while !isnothing(next_item)
    (item, state) = next_item
    
    println(item)

    next_item = iterate(iter, state)
end
```

### Example

> We want to define an iterator `Squares(n)` to iterate the sequence of [square numbers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Square_number) smaller than `n`, so that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want to define an iterator `Squares(n)` to iterate the sequence of [square numbers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Square_number) smaller than `n`. In mathematics, a square number is any number that is the square of an integer. For example, 9 is a square number, since it can be written as 3 × 3.  The end result should look like:
```

```julia
julia> for i in Squares(20)
           println(i)
       end
1
4
9
16
```

To achieve that, we define `iterate(iter)` as follows

```julia
Base.iterate(S::Squares) = (1^2, 2)
```

and `iterate(iter, state)` as

```julia
function Base.iterate(S::Squares, state)
    item = state^2

    if item > S.max
        return nothing
    end

    (item, state + 1)
end
```

> Note that you may find it useful to combine these two definitions into one using optional arguments.

Author: ```suggestion
You may find it useful to combine these two definitions into one using optional arguments:
```

## iterator-protocol

> <!-- TODO: Motivate why iterators are useful -->

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- TODO: Motivate why iterators are useful -->
<!-- TODO: Add explanation why the Base.-prefix or import is necessary -->
```

## iterator-protocol

<!-- TODO: Motivate why iterators are useful -->

To implement the informal iteration interface, you need to define two methods `iterate(iter::MyIter)` and `iterate(iter::MyIter, state)`.
Both methods must return a tuple of an item and the state of the iterator.
The first method will return the first item and state, while the second method will return the next item and state.
The iteration ends if `iterate` returns `nothing`.

!!! note
    Julia currently doesn't have a way to formally define interfaces.
    To implement an interface, you need to look up which methods need to be defined in the Manual, or in the documentation of the package that "defines" the interface.
    Alternatively, you can work your way through `MethodErrors` to find out which methods you need to implement:

>     ```julia

Reviewer 2: It looks like this does not render correctly on GitHub. Do you need an empty line before this?

Author: Seems to be an issue with GitHub, locally it renders just fine. I'm guessing it will depend on how https://github.com/exercism/v3-website/issues/266 is implemented.

```suggestion
    <!-- TODO check if code blocks work within info boxes -->
    ```julia
```

    <!-- TODO check if code blocks work within info boxes -->
    ```julia
    julia> struct MyIter end;

    julia> for i in MyIter()
            println(i)
        end
    ERROR: MethodError: no method matching iterate(::MyIter)
    ...
    ```

!!! note
    The iterator object itself is usually not mutated by iteration.

To make it clearer when the `iterate` methods are called, one can look at the translation of the `for`-loop syntax:

```julia
for item in iter
    println(item)
end
```

will be translated to

```julia
next_item = iterate(iter)

while !isnothing(next_item)
    (item, state) = next_item
    
    println(item)

    next_item = iterate(iter, state)
end
```

### Example

We want to define an iterator `Squares(n)` to iterate the sequence of [square numbers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Square_number) smaller than `n`. Square numbers are numbers that are the square of an integer. For example, 9 is a square number, since it can be written as `3 * 3`.  The end result should look like:

```julia
julia> for i in Squares(20)
           println(i)
       end
1
4
9
16
```

To do that we need to define a type `Squares` and two `iterate` methods.

> We will have the `Square` type track `n` and the `state` will simply be the next number to square.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We will have the `Square` type remember `n` and the `state` will simply be the next number to square.
```

I don't want to imply that `n` changes.

> We will have the `Square` type remember `n` and the `state` will simply be the next number to square.

Author: ```suggestion
We will have the `Squares` type remember `n` and the `state` will simply be the next number to square.
```

It's `Squares` eveyrwhere

Reviewer 3: Woops :)

## iterator-protocol

<!-- TODO: Motivate why iterators are useful -->

To implement the informal iteration interface, you need to define two methods `iterate(iter::MyIter)` and `iterate(iter::MyIter, state)`.
Both methods must return a tuple of an item and the state of the iterator.
The first method will return the first item and state, while the second method will return the next item and state.
The iteration ends if `iterate` returns `nothing`.

!!! note
    Julia currently doesn't have a way to formally define interfaces.
    To implement an interface, you need to look up which methods need to be defined in the Manual, or in the documentation of the package that "defines" the interface.
    Alternatively, you can work your way through `MethodErrors` to find out which methods you need to implement:
    <!-- TODO check if code blocks work within info boxes -->
    ```julia
    julia> struct MyIter end;

    julia> for i in MyIter()

>             @show i

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
            println(i)
```

Best to be consistent with earlier, I think.

        end
    ERROR: MethodError: no method matching iterate(::MyIter)
    ...
    ```

> !!! note
>     Julia iterators track the state decoupled from the iterator object.
>     The iterator object itself is generally not mutated.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
!!! note
    The iterator object itself is usually not mutated by iteration
```

I think this is a little confusing. Maybe better to say less and be more correct.

Author: I'm happy to change it to your suggestion but could you explain why it's more correct?

I based that note on the [manual](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/interfaces/#man-interface-iteration):

> Instead of mutating objects as they are iterated over, Julia iterators may keep track of the iteration state externally from the object.

Author: Yea, that sounds better :)

To make it clearer when the `iterate` methods are called, one can look at the translation of the `for`-loop syntax:

```julia
for item in iter
    println(item)
end
```

will be translated to

```julia
next_item = iterate(iter)

while !isnothing(next_item)
    (item, state) = next_item
    
    println(item)

    next_item = iterate(iter, state)
end
```

### Example

We want to define an iterator `Squares(n)` to iterate the sequence of [square numbers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Square_number) smaller than `n`. Square numbers are numbers that are the square of an integer. For example, 9 is a square number, since it can be written as `3 * 3`.  The end result should look like:

```julia
julia> for i in Squares(20)
           println(i)
       end
1
4
9
16
```

> To achieve that, we define `iterate(iter)` as follows
> 
> ```julia
> Base.iterate(S::Squares) = (1^2, 2)
> ```
> 
> and `iterate(iter, state)` as
> 
> ```julia
> function Base.iterate(S::Squares, state)
>     item = state^2
> 
>     if item > S.max
>         return nothing
>     end
> 
>     (item, state + 1)
> end
> ```

Reviewer 3: There were a couple of minor bugs here. Also explained what we're doing a little more.

````suggestion
To do that we need to define a type `Squares` and two `iterate` methods.
We will have the `Square` type track `n` and the `state` will simply be the next number to square.

```julia
struct Squares
    n::Int
end

function Base.iterate(S::Squares, state)
    item = state^2
    if item < S.n
        return (item, state + 1)
    end
    return nothing
end

Base.iterate(S::Squares) = iterate(S, 1)
```
````

Dunno if it would be clearer to define the first method as:

```julia
Base.iterate(S::Squares) = S.n < 1 ? nothing  : (1, 2)
```

Author: > Dunno if it would be clearer to define the first method as:

I'm not sure either

You may find it useful to combine these two definitions into one using optional arguments:

### optional-arguments

```julia
julia> f(a, b=1) = a + b
f (generic function with 2 methods)

> ```

Reviewer 3: Will whatever we're using for highlighting have a julia-repl language type? highlight.js does.

Author: Not sure yet, that's why I'm sticking to julia as language mode for now. We can change it later once we know and it's better than no highlighting imo.

Author: See https://github.com/exercism/exercism/issues/5393
